[Music]
hey everyone its Johanna here are you
feeling the summer heat well I am
instead of blasting the air-conditioner
which is something we do a lot
especially in the tropical countries
let's try to cool our body down from the
inside out with these top 5 refreshing
summer drinks
you only need my basic ingredients to
make all of them and these ingredients
have been used by various cultures
traditionally to cool down in hot
climate so let's start with my top
refreshing drink which is something I
drink a lot while growing up coconut
water you know I had extreme
difficulties trying to source for fresh
coconuts here in the UK and what I have
here is an old coconut of course if you
can try to solve for young fresh green
coconuts for maximum benefits and taste
but it is not always easy to buy fresh
coconuts so you can always go for 100%
pure coconut water in cans or tins which
you can get from supermarkets or health
stores coconut water is rich in
electrolytes and potassium which is
great to replenish lost fluid either
from the summer heat or through
exercising and it keeps your skin
hydrated from the inside out coconut
water is also known to reduce blood
pressure and stress my mum has a lawyer
friend who would frequently start his
day with a large fresh coconut water
especially when he knows he will be
having a challenging day ahead
unlike coconut milk which is high in
saturated fats and calories coconut
water is low in fat and low in calories
one cup has approximately 45 to 60
calories so I like to drink my coconut
water on its own chilled or you can add
a squeeze of lemon juice to kickstart
your day
instead of the traditional way to prove
hot green tea you can make Co green tea
overnight and bring it with you to
school or work at 1 tbsp of green tea
leaves into a water bottle then add
between 500 to 750 ml of water at room
temperature store this overnight in the
fridge and the next morning the tea
leaves will open up and you'll have a
bottle of fresh and cooling green tea
I've filmed an entire video just on the
health benefits of green tea which you
can watch here and yes it is common to
urinate more frequently when you drink
green tea
due to its diuretic properties this
helps at the body to clear heat clear
toxins and promotes the production of
body fluids drinking green tea on a
regular basis will also stimulates
mental clarity and comes at the emotion
so keep calm and drink green tea
cucumber mint cooler is also known as
detox water if for some reason you do
not like plain water because it's boring
or tasteless that make this the
ingredients you need are 1 liter of
water 6 to 8 thin cucumber slices half a
lemon thinly sliced 8 to 10 fresh mint
leaves costly chopped add cucumber lemon
and mint leaves either into a feature or
tea pot cover with water and refrigerate
for at least 4 hours or overnight if you
want a flavor to be stronger pour in a
large glass over some ice and serve you
can choose to use whole mint leaves but
I've chosen to chop them up as this
helps to release the flavor quicker
cucumbers are 96% water hence great to
keep you hydrated cucumbers also relieve
heat in the body such as burning of the
summer soft roads acne or inflammatory
skin condition means leaves also help to
calm the stomach especially for women
who are on their period or if you do
suffer from IBS
means leaves also create a cooling
sensation in our throats and map as for
lemon it helps to stabilize blood sugar
and pH levels in our body if you live in
a tropical country you can pretty much
get finally water on the roadside
usually they are served with sugar
however you can always ask for pain
Valley or make your own here are the
ingredients cut a cup of pearl barley
washed and rinse 1 liter of water 1
tablespoon of honey and you may also add
a juice from one lemon or a handful of
torn means leaves bring barley and water
to a boil once that the body comes to a
boil then decrease the heat to low and
simmer for 45 to 60 minutes then remove
from heat and stir in the honey you may
add more honey to sweeten it some either
warm or refrigerate until chill this
will last two to three days some of you
might prefer to strain the barley water
and discard the body I however like to
drink it with the body itself this one
cup has about 68.5 calories it is
commonly known about sick people I
generally advise to drink barley water
as it provides instant energy it is easy
to digest and it reduces the body heat
you don't have to be sick to drink
barley water drink this alongside your
meal and you will still gain all the
health benefits if however you are
gluten intolerance that's the do
nurturing poly because it does contain
gluten
most of us drink lemon juice I however
prefer lime juice so combine 1 cup of
lukewarm water juice from one lime and 1
teaspoon of honey in a glass you can
serve immediately shown in the fridge or
add ice cubes besides the fact that lime
juice helps to keep you cool it also
nourish and hydrate your skin from the
inside out so if consumed on a regular
basis
will reduce issues like wrinkles
blemishes Rush's and dry skin which
result in glowing skin so with the heat
this summer with natural and traditional
ingredients which will benefit your
health long-term try them out and share
me your favorite summer drink in the
comments below all the best for new
Fitness food and motivational videos
please like share and subscribe to my
youtube channel and website do follow me
on Facebook Instagram and Twitter to
stay connected with me thanks guys
[Music]